Why do you think this ugly woman like you is so angry?
Look, I'm going to deal with you badly today.
You wear it!
How to pretend? It looks like a fire bone,
What does it look like to be pregnant?
I. The party that went through with Li Chun's stick.
You all have to go through it again.
These are Li Chungun's two women.
Become a party supervisor as a child.
Do you two still want two? Anyway, these are two fat little troubles.
Li Chungun, do you dare to cause trouble for my daughter's fatness? Thank you.
Let the boy go
Do you want to watch him beat your mother to death?
Let it go for you
Come on, you two go back to the house and hide for a while.
Mom is going to hunt the dog
Why did my mother become dissatisfied?
Mom said Mom would be in trouble